Add breaking change for OpenSSL versions (#17436)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/corefx/openssl-dependencies-macos.md

### OpenSSL versions on macOS

> The .NET Core 3.0 and later runtimes on macOS now prefer OpenSSL 1.1.x versions to OpenSSL 1.0.x versions for the for the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.AesCcm>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.AesGcm>, <<xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSAOpenSsl>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDiffieHellmanOpenSsl>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDsaOpenSsl>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSAOpenSsl>, or <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SafeEvpPKeyHandle> types.

Reviewer: Delete extra "for the".  Also, should the "or" be "and"? "or" looks right under Recommended actions but looks out of place here.

```suggestion
The .NET Core 3.0 and later runtimes on macOS now prefer OpenSSL 1.1.x versions to OpenSSL 1.0.x versions for the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.AesCcm>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.AesGcm>, <<xref:System.Security.Cryptography.DSAOpenSsl>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDiffieHellmanOpenSsl>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.ECDsaOpenSsl>, <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.RSAOpenSsl>, or <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SafeEvpPKeyHandle> types.
```

Author: Good catches, thanks!

The .NET Core 2.1 runtime now supports OpenSSL 1.1.x versions, but still prefers OpenSSL 1.0.x versions.

#### Change description

Previously, the .NET Core runtime used OpenSSL 1.0.x versions on macOS for types that interact with OpenSSL. The most recent OpenSSL 1.0.x version, OpenSSL 1.0.2, is now out of support. To keep types that use OpenSSL on supported versions of OpenSSL, the .NET Core 3.0 and later runtimes now use newer versions of OpenSSL on macOS.

With this change, the behavior for the .NET Core runtimes on macOS is as follows:

- The .NET Core 3.0 and later version runtimes use OpenSSL 1.1.x, if available, and fall back to OpenSSL 1.0.x only if there's no 1.1.x version available. 

  For callers that use the OpenSSL interop types with custom P/Invokes, follow the guidance in the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SafeEvpPKeyHandle.OpenSslVersion?displayProperty=nameWithType> remarks. Your app may crash if you don't check the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SafeEvpPKeyHandle.OpenSslVersion> value.

- The .NET Core 2.1 runtime uses OpenSSL 1.0.x, if available, and falls back to OpenSSL 1.1.x if there's no 1.0.x version available.

>   The difference in behavior to the 3.0+ runtimes is because the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SafeEvpPKeyHandle.OpenSslVersion?displayProperty=nameWithType> property does not exist in .NET Core 2.1, so the OpenSSL version cannot be reliably determined at run time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The 2.1 runtime prefers the earlier version of OpenSSL because the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SafeEvpPKeyHandle.OpenSslVersion?displayProperty=nameWithType> property does not exist in .NET Core 2.1, so the OpenSSL version cannot be reliably determined at run time.
```
